Update KEB service description docs (#809)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/03-01-service-description.md

| **autoScalerMax** | int | Specifies the maximum number of virtual machines to create. | No | `4` |
| **maxSurge** | int | Specifies the maximum number of virtual machines that are created during an update. | No | `4` |
| **maxUnavailable** | int | Specifies the maximum number of VMs that can be unavailable during an update. | No | `1` |

 </details>

  <details>
  <summary label="azure-lite-plan">
  Azure HA
  </summary>

| Parameter name | Type | Description | Required | Default value |
| ---------------|-------|-------------|:----------:|---------------|

> | **machineType** | string | Specifies the provider-specific virtual machine type. | No | `Standard_D4_v3` |

Reviewer: ?! there is no such machine type technical name in AWS, machineTypes: []string{"m5.2xlarge", "m5.4xlarge", "m5.8xlarge", "m5.12xlarge", "m4.2xlarge", "m4.4xlarge", "m4.10xlarge", "m4.16xlarge"},

Author: copy-paste typo :(

| ---------------|-------|-------------|----------|---------------|---------------|  
| **name** | string | Specifies the name of the Kyma Runtime. | Yes | Any string| None |  
| **region** | string | Defines the cluster region. | No | `europe`,`us`, `asia` | Calculated from the platform region |  
| **provider** | string | Specifies the cloud provider used during provisioning. | No | `Azure`, `AWS`, `GCP` | `Azure` |
| **context.active** | string | Specifies if the SKR should be suspended or unsuspended. | `true`, `false` | None | 

The **region** parameter is optional. If not specified, the region is calculated from platform region specified in this path:
```shell
/oauth/{platform-region}/v2/service_instances/{instance_id}
```
The mapping between the platform region and the provider region (Azure, AWS or GCP) is defined in the configuration file in the **APP_TRIAL_REGION_MAPPING_FILE_PATH** environment variable. If the platform region is not defined, the default value is `europe`.

 </details>
 </div>

## Free plan

> Free plan allows you to install Kyma on Azure or AWS. The configuration is the same as for the trial plan, but Kyma is not uninstalled after 30 days.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Free plan allows you to install Kyma on Azure or AWS. The configurable provisioning parameters are the same as for the trial plan.
```

| ---------------|-------|-------------|----------|---------------|---------------|  
| **name** | string | Specifies the name of the Kyma Runtime. | Yes | Any string| None |  
| **region** | string | Defines the cluster region. | No | `europe`,`us`, `asia` | Calculated from the platform region |  
| **provider** | string | Specifies the cloud provider used during provisioning. | No | `Azure`, `AWS`, `GCP` | `Azure` |
| **context.active** | string | Specifies if the SKR should be suspended or unsuspended. | `true`, `false` | None | 

The **region** parameter is optional. If not specified, the region is calculated from platform region specified in this path:
```shell
/oauth/{platform-region}/v2/service_instances/{instance_id}
```
The mapping between the platform region and the provider region (Azure, AWS or GCP) is defined in the configuration file in the **APP_TRIAL_REGION_MAPPING_FILE_PATH** environment variable. If the platform region is not defined, the default value is `europe`.

 </details>
 </div>

## Free plan

> Free plan allows you to install Kyma on Azure or AWS. The configuration and assumptions are the same as for the Trial plan.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Free plan allows you to install Kyma on Azure or AWS. The configuration and assumptions are the same as for the trial plan.
```

Reviewer 2: Are you sure about this sentence? AFAIK, the free plan is not uninstalled after 30 days. Let's confirm.
